README.md, before:

# Express Application

## Prerequisites

1. **Install Node.js and npm**  
   Ensure you have Node.js and npm installed.

2. **Set Up Environment Variables**  
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory of your project and set up the following variables:
DB_NAME='Database Name'
DB_USER='Your Database Username'
DB_PASSWORD='Your Database Password'
DB_HOST='Your Database Host, e.g., localhost'
DB_PORT='Your Database Port, e.g., 5432 for PostgreSQL'
DB_DIALECT='Your Database Dialect, e.g., postgres, mysql'
PORT='Port for your application to run, e.g., 3000'



## Build and Deploy Instructions

1. **Clone the Repository**  
Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:

`git clone <repository-url>`

2. **Install Dependencies**  
Install the required Node.js packages using npm:

`npm install`

3. **Start your MySQL Instance**  
Make sure your MySQL database instance is running and accessible.

4. **Run the Application**  
Start the application using the following command:

`npm start`

5. **Verify the Health Check Endpoint**  
To verify that the application is running correctly and can connect to the database, open your browser or use a tool like Postman to make a GET request to:

`http://localhost:<PORT>/healthz`

If everything is set up correctly, you should receive a `200 OK` status. If there's an issue with the database connection, you'll receive a `503` status.

Commit message:

Updated Readme and add query param check
Improved the structure of R
eadme and added a 400 error if any params are passed from url.

README.md, after:

# Checking the Health of Application

## Prerequisites

1. **Install Node.js and npm**  
   Ensure you have Node.js and npm installed.

2. **Set Up Environment Variables**  
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory of your project and set up the following variables:
DB_NAME=`Database Name`
DB_USER=`Your Database Username`
DB_PASSWORD=`Your Database Password`
DB_HOST=`Your Database Host, e.g., localhost`
DB_PORT=`Your Database Port, e.g., 5432 for PostgreSQL`
DB_DIALECT=`Your Database Dialect, e.g., postgres, mysql`
PORT=`Port for your application to run, e.g., 3000`



## Build and Deploy Instructions

1. **Clone the Repository**  
Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:

`git clone <repository-url>`

2. **Install Dependencies**  
Install the required Node.js packages using npm:

`npm install`

3. **Start your MySQL Instance**  
Make sure your MySQL database instance is running and accessible.

4. **Run the Application**  
Start the application using the following command:

  `npm start`

5. **Verify the Health Check Endpoint**  
To verify that the application is running correctly and can connect to the database, open your browser or use a tool like Postman to make a GET request to:

`http://localhost:<PORT>/healthz`

***If everything is set up correctly, you should receive a `200 OK` status.***
***If any payload is passed you should get a `400 error`.*** 
***If any other request is made to the url other that GET you should get `405 error`.*** 
***If there's an issue with the database connection, you'll receive a `503` status.***
